Namaste 🙏 Welcome to our channel, HAMARA GOOD LIFE
Today I am going to share
How to fill motor E claim form of ICICI lombard General insurance
Key things in this form,  I am going to show in this video
Let us go into the Video
You will receive a link in the SMS
You can see this type of page, once you open the link
You need to select e claim form and proceed
Here it will ask  claim number or policy number
Thank you hope you have a good claim experiences
No seat belt No outing
No helmet No Drive
Avoid alcohol
If you take alcohol enjoy the drink have a good sleep but NO DRIVING
Subscribe for more knowledge & information videos
Share your views & Comments
Thanks for watching and supporting us